feat(processors): Add processor to split a metric into multiple (#13785)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/processors/split/README.md

# Split Processor Plugin

This plugin splits a metric up into one or more metrics based on a template
the user provides. The timestamp of the new metric is based on the source
metric. Templates can overlap, where a field or tag, is used across templates
and as a result end up in multiple metrics.

> If drop original is changed to true, then the plugin can result in dropping
> all metrics when no match is found! Please ensure to test templates before
> putting into production to avoid data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: If drop original is changed to true, then the plugin can result in
dropping all metrics when no match is found! Please ensure to test
templates before putting into production *and* use metric filtering to
avoid data loss.
```

> Some outputs are sensitive to the number of metric series that are produced.
> Multiple series of the same metric name can result in a decrease in performance
> in these outputs.

Reviewer: My concern was the opposite:
```suggestion
Some outputs are sensitive to the number of metric series that are produced.
Multiple metrics of the same series (i.e. identical name, tag key-values and
field name) with the same timestamp might result in squashing those points
to the latest metric produced.
```
